Fix langchain inputs conversion (#13744)
mlflow/mlflow: docs/source/llms/langchain/index.rst

For a complete example of a LangGraph model that works with this evaluation example, see the 
`MLflow LangGraph blog <https://mlflow.org/blog/langgraph-model-from-code>`_.

How to control whether my input is converted to List[langchain.schema.BaseMessage] in PyFunc predict?
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

If user provides inputs like ``{"messages": [{"role": "user", "content": "some_question"}]}``, MLflow internally tries to
convert the input to List[langchain.schema.BaseMessage] like ``[HumanMessage(content="some_question")]``. If the model is
AgentExecutor or the model's input_schema contains "messages" field, then MLflow doesn't convert the inputs.

> There're some edge cases where user wants to provide the input as is, in such cases user can set the environment variable

Reviewer: Can we simply this? For example:

By default, MLflow converts the input in the chat format (<example>) to a ``List[langchain.schema.BaseMessage]`` object for certain model types. To disable this behavior, set <env var> to ``False`` as demonstrated below.

> ``MLFLOW_CONVERT_MESSAGES_DICT_TO_FOR_LANGCHAIN`` to ``False``. This will prevent MLflow from 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To disable this behavior, set ``MLFLOW_CONVERT_MESSAGES_DICT_TO_FOR_LANGCHAIN`` to ``False``.
```

implementing such conversion.

.. code-block:: python

    import json
    import mlflow
    import os
    from operator import itemgetter
    from langchain.schema.runnable import RunnablePassthrough

    model = RunnablePassthrough.assign(

>         problem=lambda x: json.loads(x["messages"][-1]["content"])["problem"]

Reviewer: Can we simplify this?

```suggestion
        problem=lambda x: {"problem": x}
```

Author: Nope, this is the example where the model expects a `{"messages": [{"role": ..., "content": ...}]}` input but shouldn't be converted to List[BaseMessage]

    ) | itemgetter("problem")

    input_example = {
        "messages": [
            {
                "role": "user",

>                 "content": json.dumps({"problem": "Hello"}),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                "content": "hello",
```

For a complete example of a LangGraph model that works with this evaluation example, see the 
`MLflow LangGraph blog <https://mlflow.org/blog/langgraph-model-from-code>`_.

> How to control whether my input is converted to List[langchain.schema.BaseMessage] in PyFunc predict?

Reviewer: Is it possible to log a warning or info message when the request with the converted input failed?

Author: Added a debug info, because I don't think users know (or care about) the details of this conversion. If we always show the info it could be confusing to users who don't expect such conversion at all.

Reviewer: @serena-ruan Is this issue a rare edge case or it could occur frequently?

Author: Emm we haven't received such report for a long time, and the issue we try to fix in this PR is kind of edge case. I think more common case now is that the model accepts `{"messages": ...}` input itself and doesn't need conversion at all.
